# uom.dat 0.1.0.9000 (development version)

## Major changes

* Column `"count"` of association rule data frames has been renamed to `"frequency"` for consistency with nodes and patterns.
* Parameter `count` of `TransactionAnalyzer` has been renamed `min_frequency` for overall consistency. This concerns both the object attribute and the constructor argument (function `transaction.analyzer`).

## New features

* Pattern supports are now computed and added to pattern data frames as another characteristic.
* Association rule frequencies are now also computed and added to rule data frames when specific itemsets are given for association rule extraction.
* Additional indicators can be computed and associated with association rules when they are extracted: specificity, accuracy and added value.
* The new indicators (specificity, accuracy and added value) can be plotted in the association rule visualization.

## Minor changes

* The type of several attributes of the class `TransactionAnalyzer` and of returns of methods of this class changed from `numeric` to `integer`.
    - Attribute `parameters`: variables `count` and `min_length`.
    - Attribute `nodes` and all methods returning a data frame of nodes: variable `frequency`.
    - Attribute `patterns` and all methods returning a data frame of patterns: variable `year`.
    - Method `frequency_by_complexity` and variables `f.complex` and `f.simple` of the method `spectrum_chart`.
    - Variable `ID` of the methods `spectrum_chart` and `itemset_chart`.
* Class validation (for `TransactionSet` and `TransactionAnalyzer` objects) now goes through the whole process and returns all actual errors instead of being stopped if one is encountered.

## Documentation

* Corrections have been applied to the PDF files.
    - Documentation of the methods `itemset_chart` and `get_trx_from_category` of the class `TransactionAnalyzer` have been corrected.
    - The returns of methods that were supposed to be of type `integer` instead of `numeric` have been changed.
    - Mentions of the method `frequency_by_node_commplexity` have been replaced by `frequency_by_complexity`.
* The description of the confidence of an association rule has been corrected (in the help page and the vignette).
* In the vignette about `TransactionAnalyzer`, remove the explanation of a warning generated by the `arules` package since it is no longer displayed.



# uom.dat 0.1.0 (2022-05-06)

Initial stable release version.


---
